feat: added sticky routing section (#5132)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/platform/src/define-routes/_index.md

The specifics of configuring the Router container for multiple applications is explored in detail in the [Multiple apps](/create-apps/multi-app/routes.md) documentation.

### Sticky routing

> Sticky routing is a method that directs a client’s requests to the same application container, helping maintain request consistency. You can enable it in your [route configuration](#route-configuration-reference) to have the router attempt to send repeated requests from the same client to the same backend.

Reviewer: @Kemi-Elizabeth, I propose to slightly update this part like this:

> Sticky routing ensures that all requests from a specific client are consistently routed to the same instance of your application. This is can be critical for stateful applications that rely on local session data, preventing user context from being lost in a horizontally scaled environment. You can enable it in your [route configuration](#route-configuration-reference) to have the router attempt to send repeated requests from the same client to the same instance.

It mentions horizontal scaling and uses "instances", which is more consistent with what we are using in the manage resources section. With also a short explanation of when this can be useful (for stateful applications...).
Let me know what you think.

> Sticky routing is a method that directs a client’s requests to the same application container, helping maintain request consistency. You can enable it in your [route configuration](#route-configuration-reference) to have the router attempt to send repeated requests from the same client to the same backend.

Author: ```suggestion
Sticky routing ensures that all requests from a specific client are consistently routed to the same instance of your application. This can be critical for stateful applications that rely on local session data, preventing user context from being lost in a horizontally scaled environment. You can enable it in your [route configuration](#route-configuration-reference) to have the router attempt to send repeated requests from the same client to the same instance.
```
